The Freedom Forum's fear mongering aside, does anyone know what's up with the release of all the 508 accessibility regulations? 
The linked announcement mentions that &quot;..the standards will be published in the Federal Register and be made available for public comment&quot;, so it sounds like it will eventually be opened up. 
Why did the feds take such a closeddoor approach when it was commonly expected that the info would be available on Feb. 7?
Maybe I'm just too trusting of gummit workers, but this seems more like typical bureaucracy slowness than any sort of concerted conspiracy to derive us of our rights. :) 
However, being thorough can take time, if it's anything like our listserve. :) 
The Federal Register _is_ the institution created expressly to make _sure_ citizens have the chance to comment on things before they are imposed. 
For more information, please consult Federal Register 
The Freedom Forum is a nonpartisan, international foundation dedicated to free press, free speech and free spirit for all people. 
I don't see it as a closeddoor approach, though, the way I read their announcement. 
Adam Clayton Powell III? 
I think you are correct about the bureaucracy part. 
The foundation pursues its priorities through conferences, educational activities, publishing, broadcasting, online services, fellowships, partnerships, training, research and other programs. 
I would add that any other questions you might want to ask doug, should be done on that evening. 
I suppose that Mr. Yanchulis would be the one to ask, though: 
i know this sounds paradoxical, but it is true. 
&gt; The Freedom Forum's fear mongering aside, does anyone know what's up with the release of all the 508 accessibility regulations? 
please check out the exact time for when the webcast will happen under the press release link at abletv.net. 
This is not to say that i don't get frustrated either, but just an expalnation of the process. 
For any NOI (notice of inquiry), NPRM (notice of proposed rule making), etc. the government must follow the procedures established in the apa (i believe it is known as the Americans procedural Act) of 1947, which outlines the procedures of putting the NOI and NPRM out for comment for a specific time period. 
Adam Clayton Powell III sounds about as lost as Thurston Powell III was on &quot;Gilligans Island&quot;! 
Actually, the government is not robbing us of our rights, but protecting us. 
He thinks he's found &quot;an issue&quot; and has latched onto it in order to &quot;save us from government,&quot; but really he's just a kook. 
&gt; I think you are correct about the bureaucracy part. 
That is a good question and should be asked of our next guest, Doug Wakefield on our march 16 web cast at abletv.net. 
&gt; I think you are correct about the bureaucracy part. 
They do this with a limited staff. 
President, AbleTV.net 
Jeffrey Pledger 
Institute of Land and Food Resources 
Dave Yanchulis, The Access Board 
