I would like to find an alternative time that works for everyone that regularly attends the teleconference. 
I hesitate to speak for Heather, but in her absence, the time is doable here in Pacific time; 
It is very difficult to find a common time that works for every time zone. 
10pm Central European Time means I can make some of the calls, but not all of them, but I understand the change. 
Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday at 4:00 pm EST would work for me but Tuesday or Wednesday would be better. 
I don't know if these are times that she can adjust or not. 
Liddy has been admirably getting up at 2am on a regular basis to join our call. 
however, at glancing at her schedule she may have conflicts with this time, at least on Mondays/Wednesdays
does it help to have different times? 
How is everyone with 4:00pm EDT on Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday? 
I'm comfortable with whatever time is set and will remain flexible, even if it's 5:00am PDT. 
When did you need to make a firm decision? 
This needs to take into account European time, Australian time and both east and west coast North American time. 
It's still Monday at 12:00 EST right? 
3pm EST would be 5am in Australia and 9pm in Europe. 
http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?day=6&amp;amp;month=6&amp;amp;year=2002&amp;amp;p1=250&amp;amp;p2=152&amp;amp;p3=195&amp;amp;p4=234 
I don't think we should continue to ask her to do that. 
This would make it 6:00am in Australia and 9:00 pm in Europe. 
Tuesdays look like a 30 minute conflict (at the last 1/2 hour). 
According to the International Meeting Planner, Jutta's suggestion of 4pm EST is pretty good 
Fyi, I'm back but Lou Nell is going to sit in on the next call for me  
 although it is actually 10pm in Europe. 
Or does anyone have an alternative suggestion? 
 boring but maybe better for actual events? 
I will be in Europe for a few weeks soon and so we could have meeting times that suit the meetings 
I believe 4.00pm on Tuesday would clash with the IMS meetings, if they continue at that time... 
